well I'm in an abandoned warehouse right
now with six law from CLG tony himself
the coach so tony first off when was the
last time you did an interview that's a
good question i don't know i think it
was with SCARA no no I mean maybe I'm
just oh yeah I think it was a long time
ago okay it might have been with SCARA
after an LCS game why is that
I usually just like because parth is the
same way parth tries to dodge interviews
all the time you request interviews with
you non-stop and you you dodge them I
usually just like to focus internally I
guess and give away very little
information ah
so if you look at every single one of my
tweets after a game it's very like PR
okay it's always like you know we tried
our best or like we ended up winning but
it's not the way that we wanted to
straighten here pretty popular your
shirt out it's it's blowing up in a
weird way what is that shirt by the way
yeah I like our top ten okay very good
yeah can we talk a little bit about
League of Legends now no okay what do
you want to talk about it's it's been I
waited for you guys 45 minutes it make
Allan said 15 minutes it was 45 yeah it
was very so I you made some changes to
the roster over the split or the you
know between some end of worlds and
strings play yeah why what changes did
you make and why what changes want to
break it down yeah well we had our dock
and then we went through some inner
turmoil and decided that he was no
longer the best okay and during that
process we used oh my god that we got
from scouting grounds the previous year
and he was actually pretty good
he was pretty good for us but we felt
that if we wanted to accomplish our goal
of winning worlds that he just wasn't
prepared for it right now he wasn't as
developed as we wanted him or needed him
to be so we already assessed by the end
of that split that we were gonna pick up
a new jungler and we were very
transparent with Omar about this that we
wanted to help him grow more but we
didn't feel like he was necessarily
there was yet so as a result of that we
end up picking up huijun or rain
we're obviously very happy about that
pickup as we had been trying to get him
for think it was like a year and a half
oh really coming up to this point okay
we would we'd approach him or their
management like every offseason yeah
talking to them and seeing if he was
interested in seeing if the TL was
interested in letting him go which for a
long time they weren't but they were
this offseason which was good and then
for a fro mu it was a decision that kind
of came from both parties I wouldn't say
it was like fully him or fully he was
kind of like do I need CLG and you guys
were like no it's it's just yeah it's
kinda it was just coming down to do we
think like the values there oh yeah to
retain him versus do we think that we
could even give him the amount of money
that he really wants yeah so it's it was
just like a battle on each on each side
right can we even budget this amount of
money to retain him and then he was
clearly wanting a lot more yeah so we
did throw out a pretty solid number like
there was rumors that said that we did
and yeah I would say that we both just
ended up moving on as a result of that
we ended up picking up vincent or bio
Frost from TSM I'm really confident that
he will fill Zacks shoes in in a sense
but also we can spread out some of Zacks
duties to other people within the team
yeah to make sure that we have the
proper structure and communication and
leadership moving forward yeah what
strikes me about the new team is that
you have a very polite respectful quiet
group of guys at least that's the way it
seems you know outward facing and so
it's it's almost kind of different
compared to a lot of the other teams
that are like you guys are almost the
opposite of EKKO said this at this
lineup so first off do you think that's
a good thing because I think a lot of
people would say oh there there's no
clear like leader or authority figure a
loud person or whatever
and and you know how how do you see
dynamic of the team change given the
different lineup
so first what do you mean by the echo
fox thing the echo fox thing there's a
bunch of crazy people on that team
you got that are loud and gonna yell
each other and who knows what's gonna
happen you know like they are they are
either the bomb that will blow up LCS or
the mom that will blow up their
themselves I think okay got it yeah okay
I can see where you'd say we're the
opposite yes because I feel like I mean
we've had a lot of scrims already cuz we
did we did two weeks before we went on
break-in we did two weeks tenth in
December and we kind of got to test out
what naturally happens when we scream is
five I think that ended up answering a
lot of those questions of like where's
our leadership going where is our you
know in game roles kind of going yeah
and we answered that like those
questions but so now that we came back
we actually have noticed that we have
like certain places where we could make
improvements with our leadership and our
communication and game but for the most
part all of the roles that are necessary
for us to cover I think we're doing
pretty damn well right now and I think
that actually right now we have like a
really good starting point as a team and
I think because everybody on the team
has so much camaraderie already that
it's gonna be only easy for us to grow
to easily be the top team yeah what do
you think of the narrative that's gonna
be TL on TSM that just not dominates
everything I think I think tln TSM we're
gonna be strong opponent strong
opponents for us to face I think that we
have not we have not yet screamed TSM
we're screwing them tomorrow or the day
after so I don't have like a super good
read on them right now but I think that
Team Liquid is gonna be pretty good but
I think that there's going to be some
level of internal struggle but I guess
we'll just have to see how it ends up
panning out in time internal struggle
for
and liquid and you're saying yeah
because if personality clashes and that
kind of stuff I do think they're gonna
be a strong team regardless I think a
lot of people have been saying it's
gonna depend on how good their coaching
staff is but I think if there's any team
that could operate without a coach it'd
probably be team liquid's team simply
strategically yeah like they all have
they have five players that have been
phenomenal so far and they're all
veterans so they don't really have an
excuse strategically to be a bad team
but where they'd probably lack is if
they don't you know treat the mental
side well yeah then it could be an issue
you create me from wrong but your
contract was up at the end of 2017 right
yes and you made the decision to stay
with seal gene yep and and presumably
there was a lot of money you could chase
with some of these newer teams certainly
CLG got an investment and it recently so
I'm not making assumptions there but
what what was it that kept you at CLG I
mean I just I love CLG I want to stay
loyal to CLG CLG has provided me a lot
of opportunities and I just want to give
back to CLG by offering myself up to
them and I also was very excited about
the partnership with Madison Square
Garden I think it's a really exciting
time for CLG and it's a new chapter in
my life in clg's life so I'm excited to
move forward specifically with MSU and I
believe in them a lot and I believe in
CLG yeah conversely we saw some a lot of
changes actually I think on the coach
side for this year we've got a French
caster coming over to coach yeah we had
parth who I think you're pretty good
friends with he stepped down it's gonna
be taking over our general management
role of course song coming in from
immortals on TSM so what is your take on
the whole coach shuffle anything that
particularly stands out to you I'm
pretty interested to see how some of the
new infrastructures go I think a lot of
people are a lot of the organizations
wanted to level up their or
infrastructure a lot and for example
there's some interesting infrastructures
even like
clutch gaming has multiple assistant
coaches and I think TL has a huge
infrastructure at least I remember
specifically that they have like a lot
of different assistant coaches sure
analyst head analysts translators
managers just everybody is upgrading so
I'm interested to see how well people
can structure their infrastructure I
guess and then increase their systems to
make their team actually play better I
think we've been a team that's already
been focusing on this topic for a really
long time so we have a pretty good
system in place already as we have a
physical therapist with Mathieu who we
have summer Scott now for our player
development position some a role that
we've already been working to develop
anyway so she just fit really well into
our system cuz she was really really
solid and then you know me myself as a
head coach an assistant coach we've
already been working within the system
for a really long time so it's not too
big of a change for us but it's going to
be a big change for other teams to try
to understand and grow with their
infrastructure where it wasn't there
before as far as like Zabu teen coming
over as a French French caster right
punch caster now being a coach I think
it's gonna be interesting but he's got a
very my opinion like lackluster roster
or a roster that doesn't make too much
sense like there's no goal they just
kind of picked up what players were
available so I'm interested to see what
he makes of it and that this would be a
really good opportunity for him to prove
himself as a coach is there anyone in
particular that you are looking or that
you were excited about facing off
against this year on the coach side on
the coach side because part of the once
told me it's like this whole mind game
thing and nobody likes another coaches
like to talk about it but there's
actually crazy thing that happens up
there you're smiling a little bit maybe
maybe you agree with this I don't know
but yeah on the coach side anybody you
like facing off against
ah I'm I have a pretty good relationship
with all the coaches actually I'm not
super I mean you can have a good
relationship you just like to fight
against that mean oh yeah yeah I
wouldn't say there's any right now that
I can think of no maybe maybe some me
know maybe some will develop over the
split okay but I think parth was a big
one for me so parts not being there
anymore is going to you know I guess
I'll just see who my new rival is like
this very excited to find out yeah is
there anything that you would like to
say to any of the CLG fans out there to
the CLG fans I would just say there's
some stuff happening off-camera yeah
it's distracting but oh my gosh she's in
a throne yeah does he deserve that by
the way yeah sure okay everyone every
single one of them deserves to be in the
throne okay anyway to the CLG fans I
would just say thanks for saying thanks
for all the support
holy moly thanks for all the support
we're gonna do really well this year I
think everybody here is super super
dedicated like more so than any of the
previous splits everybody has been
grinding really really hard to prove
that we're gonna be the best team come
2018 so support us more even and we'll
show you that we're gonna be the best oh
good well thank you so much for the
interview Tony always great to interview
hopefully get to do more interviews with
you now especially now with Nick Allen
at the helm of CLG my good friend
hopefully he'll force you to do even
more maybe we could do just like a Tony
Travis Power Hour after every LCS match
oh baby yeah if you check out our
coverage of all the things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
come over here come over here so for the
most part since I ended my Yahoo eSports
career oh you need to get over okay cool
so and then you need to crouch yeah okay
yeah there's this better now we're out
of focus right we're out of focus okay
well either way since I ended my career
at Yahoo Broden for the most part a
couple other people have helped out but
pro has been doing this virtually for
free at the LCS so if you'd like to help
support some of that money will
eventually maybe kind of make its way
over to Broden you can do so over at
travis Khafre comm slash support what do
you have to say for yourself written
virtually nothing makes it into these
pockets but you could change that Travis
gaff rakov slash support